1.  	What is the difference between object and function?
    	A function is a collection of commands and data. This is the same as a method, however a function doesn't need to be part of a obj...
    	An object is a collection of functions and data. Objects have properties that describe the object as the code tries to
    	interpret a real world analog into a digital representation.

2.  	Functional Programming and Object-oriented programming both are different concepts of programming language. ..
    	In functional programming, data cannot be stored in objects and it can only be transformed by creating functions.
    	In object-oriented programming, data is stored in objects.

3.	Everything Object Oriented Programming can do can be done better in functional programming--
    	the code is easier to write, runs faster, and uses less memory.

4.	Is a function an object?
	We see that a function is indeed an object. JavaScript functions are a special type of objects, called function objects. 
	A function object includes a string which holds the actual code -- the function body -- of the function.

5.	Is python a functional language?
	What does Python support? Though Python is not primarily a functional language, it is able to support functional programming 
	relatively easily because everything in Python is an object. That means that function definitions can be assigned to variables 
	and passed around.

6.	In functional programs, variables and functions are the main elements of the code, while in object-oriented programs, 
	objects and methods are the key elements.

7.	Object-oriented programming based on the main features that are:
	
	1. Abstraction: It helps in letting the useful information or relevant data to a user, 
			which increases the efficiency of the program and make the things simple.
	1. Abstraction in OOP. Objects in an OOP language provide an abstraction that hides the internal implementation details.
	1. Abstraction refers to the concept of hiding the complexities of a system from the users of that system.
	1. The definition of abstraction is an idea that lacks a concrete nature, or is idealistic in nature. 
	   Examples of abstractions can be feelings such as sadness or happiness. 
	   Abstraction is defined as a work of art where the subject or theme is implied.
	1. Another real life example of Abstraction is ATM Machine; All are performing operations on the ATM machine like 
	   cash withdrawal, money transfer, retrieve mini-statement…etc. but we can't know internal details about ATM. 
	   Note: Data abstraction can be used to provide security for the data from the unauthorized methods.
	1. Abstraction is about hiding unwanted details while giving out most essential details, 
	   while Encapsulation means hiding the code and data into a single unit e.g. class or method to protect inner working of an object from outside world.

	2. Inheritance: It helps in inheriting the methods, functions, properties, and fields of a base class in the derived class.

	3. Polymorphism: It helps in doing one task in many ways with the help of overloading and overriding which is also known as compile-time 
			 and run-time polymorphism.

	4. Encapsulation: It helps in hiding the irrelevant data from a user and prevents the user from unauthorized access.

8.	https://www.educba.com/functional-programming-vs-oop/

9.	Functional programming mainly supports abstraction over data and abstraction over behavior. 
	Object-oriented programming mainly supports abstraction over data only.

10.	Conclusion
	Functional Programming and Object-oriented programming both are different concepts of programming language. 
	The aim of both Functional Programming vs OOP languages is to provide the bug-free code, which can be easily 
	understandable, well-coded, managed and rapid development.

   